[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] In order to defeat
one of the Four Emperors,
the Straw Hats formed
an alliance with Law,
intending to destroy a Devil
Fruit Factory in Dressrosa.
In response, Doflamingo trapped
the kingdom inside a barrier
and challenged
all present to a game.
[NARRATOR]
As the Straw Hats do battle with
the fierce fighters of
the Don Quixote Family,
Luffy and Law rush
to the royal palace
to take down Doflamingo himself.
[KYROS] Compared to
all the despicable acts
you committed against
the people of Dressrosa,
what I suffer now...
is scarcely pain at all!
I am this kingdom's
"solid" rage, manifested.
[KYROS]
Here to collect payback!
Half Moon Glaive!
Trueno...
...Bastardo!
[screams]
[REBECCA, KYROS gasp]
I thought Zoro had him!
That's Pica!
Oh, Diamante.
That's a real bad look
for a top Executive
in our Family.
[LUFFY]
"Moving Across the Ground!
The Giant Statue
Pica's Surprise Maneuver!"
[LUFFY] Stop it, Bellamy!
You're really gonna die!
Fight me, Straw Hat!
Screw your sympathy!
I won't hit you!
When will ya get that
through your thick skull?
[BELLAMY grunts]
Hey, Bellamy!
Knock it off already!
Shut your mouth!
I get to decide
when and where I die!
You're gonna be
King of the Pirates, right?
[BELLAMY] Then you should
be able to take me out!
Now fight me, Straw Hat!
[REBECCA]
Father!
[KYROS groans] As foreseen.
I did not come here
for a mere one-on-one skirmish!
As long an enemy stands,
the fight persists!
You can barely move!
Please don't do this!
[KYROS]
Fall back, Rebecca!
I'll see this to the end.
I will eradicate
these parasites.
Our king will reign again!
My life is a small price to pay!
[PICA]
Quick question.
Why is old King Riku
worth a squat to you people?
Rebecca, isn't he the reason why
everybody hates you so much?
As for Kyros.
King Riku is the cause
of your stump leg.
If you hadn't protected him,
you wouldn't have
been stuck as a toy
for a whole decade!
Why do you respect that puke?
That's nonsense!
You despicable
people framed him!
My father-in-law is
my personal savior!
He showed benevolence
to this young ruffian.
The Riku bloodline
upheld a reputation
for being a family that
understood the value of peace!
This kingdom may not
have had the treasures
and wealth it does today.
But that does not mean
the people were displeased.
[sighs]
[KYROS] Our richness
came from routine joys.
Clear skies. Thriving blossoms.
A kingdom of gentle hearts!
That's the backbone
on which we flourished!
Money and jewels only serve to
impress the trite and vapid.
True happiness is
the liberty of life.
His morals have
resonated within me.
Because they are the
mark of a true leader.
Our entire nation wishes for
your wicked Family's
swift removal
so he may reign again!
[PICA]
I see.
[REBECCA]
Huh? He left.
What's going on?
[REBECCA gasps]
[PICA]
Charlestone!
[screams] The hell?
That scared the crap outta me!
Pica escaped to the third level!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES scream]
[ZORO]
What a pain in the ass.
He's supposed to fight me!
Why's he in such a hurry?
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES scream]
How am I supposed to
knock the snot out of him
when he's scurrying
around like a damn mole?
As soon as I close in
on him, he's done!
[PICA]
Charlestone!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES scream]
Lord Pica, please have
mercy on us! [screams]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE 718B] Did
you forget we're on your team?
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES scream]
Hunting the injured?
Spineless prick.
Here it comes!
So watch yourself!
Okay, honey-pie!
Aahh! Let me go!
Aww. There's no need to be shy,
I am your future wife after all.
You've betrayed the Family,
Baby 5! Steel Mill!
Watch out!
Sai!
Honey!
[SAI grunting]
Good, you're okay!
Let me give you a hand!
Turn around, geezer!
He's behind you!
I'll crush you! Charlestone!
[SAI]
That big shrill bastard!
You're pissing me off!
Cut the crap already!
Stop going after
all the wounded people!
I'm over here. Bite Stone!
One-Sword Style. Demon Horse!
Y'know, Roronoa Zoro.
There's a very important someone
up on the King's Plateau.
The King of Dressrosa?
"Former"!
[ZORO]
Get to the point, Soprano-Man.
Don't you all seem
a tad bit judgey?
Wait, what?
A coup is nothing
strange at all!
Why blame Doffy for what he did?
[ZORO]
Quit your yapping.
[PICA] Aside from the has-been
king and some of his followers,
I heard the samurai
and God Usopp
are on the King's Plateau
right now, too!
So, if I understand correctly,
suddenly, the whole kingdom
wants to put King Riku
back on the throne.
Yeah? What's it to you?
[PICA]
It pisses me off is what!
Doffy is the only one
worthy here!
[ZORO gasps]
What the hell?
[ROBIN]
What's causing those tremors?
[KYROS]
Over there!
[TOWNSPEOPLE screaming]
Son of a...
[ALL gasp]
Where's that big
behemoth headed now?
Wh-What is he gonna do?
Dressrosa belongs to
the Don Quixote Family!
[MARINE 718B]
It's gonna walk! Let's go!
The statue is moving! Run!
Aw jeez, are you kidding me?
Is he getting bigger
to you guys?
Or is headed this way?
Gutless bastard!
He's trying to kill the king!
[TOWNSPEOPLE screaming]
[TOWNSMAN 718C]
Run!
[TOWNSMAN 718D]
He'll crush us!
[MARINES scream]
[MARINE 718C]
Prepare the canons!
Open fire!
[MARINE 718C]
Keep it coming!
[MARINES scream]
[ZORO] Dammit!
That's why he ditched me
all the way back here!
[ZORO]
I can't catch up!
I played right into his hands!
Gotta think fast of what to do.
[ZORO]
One quick punch from him
and it could take out
the entire plateau.
If I don't think of
some way to shut him down,
Usopp and that king guy
will be crushed in an instant!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE 718E]
Pirate Hunter!
We won't let you get
any closer to Lord Pica!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES groan]
I don't have time
for that crap.
[ROBIN]
Zoro!
[KYROS]
He's controlling the statue
and headed for
the King's Plateau.
There must be a way
to halt that golem.
Grandfather!
Usopp!
Whoa! Hey, man, screw you!
[ZORO]
Plan 1. Long-distance slash.
[ZORO] Nah, it'd have to
travel too far,
and it'd barely nick him.
[ZORO]
Plan 2. Jump up and get on top!
Impossible.
[ZORO] Plan 3. Shout out,
warning Usopp and the others.
Usopp!
[ZORO] No chance in hell.
Not with all the noise.
[ZORO] Plan 4. Call him
by Transponder Snail
and tell him "hurry up and run."
[ZORO]
Oh, musta dropped it.
[USOPP cries]
Don't come any closer!
Even if I do manage to
get the message out,
there's not enough time
for 'em to react.
[MARINES scream]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES cheer]
Smash them for good!
Give them hell!
He has his sights on King Riku.
[SAI] It's not our fight, but
this isn't sitting well with me.
[ORLUMBUS]
But can we assist in any way?
Stop right there!
Don't do it, stone monster!
The legendary Sniper King
is on that very plateau!
Yo, rock boy! Ya wanna fight?
Then I volunteer my body!
[USOPP screams]
[ALL scream]
I see now!
The Pirate Hunter was
a few steps ahead of us.
Glad I saved my
King Punch as he advised.
I've got your back,
Riku, my friend.
[ZORO]
Hey! King Punch Guy!
Excuse me? I'm Elizabello,
the King of Prodence.
I'd watch your tongue
if I were you!
[ZORO] I told you, trying to
shatter him won't work.
Ya gotta hit
his flesh and blood
or else he'll keep coming back.
What are you suggesting, then?
If you want our help,
you better make it quick!
I'll do anything! Just save me!
[ELIZABELLO]
Pirate Hunter?
Well?
[ZORO]
Give me two minutes.
[PICA]
King Riku, you there?
[USOPP screaming]
[ZORO] Plan 5. Fly in
the sky and chop him up!
Yep, that's the one.
[NARRATOR]
Pica, with one goal in mind,
sends his colossal fist
plummeting towards
the helpless King Riku.
Just as the kingdom's
final light of hope
is about to be extinguished,
Zoro plunges into action and
diverts the titan's attention.
The final skirmish between
Zoro and Pica breaks out!
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"A Decisive Battle in Midair!
Zoro's New Special
Secret Technique Blasts!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!